README.md, before:

# Awesome MapD 

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)


A curated list of awesome [MapD](https://www.mapd.com/) resources.  
Inspired by the `awesome-*` trend on GitHub.

The goal is to build a categorized community-driven collection of well-known resources.  
Sharing, suggestions and contributions are always welcome!


## Contents

- [Posts](#Posts)

## Posts

Writing about exploring data with MapD

- [気象データをMapDに入れて分析してみた
使用するデータ](https://www.insight-tec.com/blog/technical/20171114_mapd)
- [Weather data was put in MapD and analyzed](https://www.insight-tec.com/blog/technical/20171114_mapd)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.


## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, [@micahstubbs](https://twitter.com/micahstubbs) has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

add Running MapD on AWS ECS posts

README.md, after:

# Awesome MapD 

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)


A curated list of awesome [MapD](https://www.mapd.com/) resources.  
Inspired by the `awesome-*` trend on GitHub.

The goal is to build a categorized community-driven collection of well-known resources.  
Sharing, suggestions and contributions are always welcome!


## Contents

- [Posts](#Posts)

## Posts

Writing about exploring data with MapD

- [気象データをMapDに入れて分析してみた
使用するデータ](https://www.insight-tec.com/blog/technical/20171114_mapd)
- [Weather data was put in MapD and analyzed](https://www.insight-tec.com/blog/technical/20171114_mapd)
- Running MapD on AWS ECS 📝 [@BrianPloetz](https://twitter.com/brianploetz)
  - [Part 1: Running MapD on Docker](https://medium.com/ground-signal-engineering/running-mapd-on-aws-ecs-part1-ea505c056f58)
  - [Part 2: GPU Powered Docker Containers on ECS](https://medium.com/ground-signal-engineering/running-mapd-on-aws-ecs-part2-4fd159d31b35)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.


## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, [@micahstubbs](https://twitter.com/micahstubbs) has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.
